app directory : This is root directory & default routing start from here. all files and folder for project expansion keeps here.
		all sub folders i.e sub route or nested root forms here. In this folder React error boundary i.e "error.js" , "not-found.js" , 
		React suspense boundary "loading.js" global css files beautify the project & give a professional flavour.

global.css : Stores the css for the project which is call from anywhere of this project. 

layout.js : This is the main entry point of nextjs project. All the initial requirement like css, extra dependencies which are needed for 
			entire project are loaded here to load one time.

page.js : This is the home page for default nextjs project.

page.module.css : for module wise css deployment it needed . same class name could be define for different module.

public directory : Next.js can serve static files, like images,audio,video under a folder called public in the root directory.

next-config.js : Most important file of next js . Project's strict mood can be enables/disable from this file. Confidential environmental credentials ,
		application's base path , sub domain functinality , api url, request headers, cache functionality , powered by hidden , .next folder 
		name customization manages here.

package.json : Stores script's command and installed packages information.

package-lock.json : is used to lock down the dependencies for a project so that all developers working on the project 
					use the same versions of the dependencies.

.next directory : When application runs this directory created. Also creat when build the projects . Keeps all minified chunk files of html, css, js, jsx, this project .
		By managing  next.config.js this name could be build. These chunk files are optimized production build files make project faster.

.gitignore : decides which files or folders uploads to github.


jsconfig.json : specifies the root files and the options for the features provided by the JavaScript language service

node_modules : contains all the React dependencies packages: react , react-dom , and their transitive dependencies like webpack , babal , rxjs , ESLint , etc., to build and run a React project








 
		 
		 